Trust Gateway Section (#7)
dvci/cc-pki: docs/gateway.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Trust Gateway

## Purpose

> 

Reviewer: //Add text to make intro generic:

The Trust Gateway is designed as an open-source implementation of a trust network infrastructure for health credentialing.

> 

Reviewer: //Add New Section titled:

##COVID-19 Specific Reference Implementations

The Digital Documentation COVID-19 Certificate Gateway (DDCCG) is an extended
version of the [European Union Digital COVID Certificate Gateway (EUDCCG)](https://ec.europa.eu/health/sites/default/files/ehealth/docs/digital-green-certificates_v2_en.pdf),
which has enhanced functionality allowing for interoperability between

> multiple gateways and supports of the DDCC specification.

Reviewer 2: From MJ:
```suggestion
multiple gateways in support of the DDCC specification.
```

While the DDCCG is designed to support the DDCC specification, 
it also supports various existing digital COVID certificates

> including EUDCC, Smart Health Cards, DIVOC, and ICAO.

Reviewer: The Trust Gateway specification is based upon the [Digital Documentation COVID-19 Certificate Gateway (DDCCG)](https://github.com/WorldHealthOrganization/ddcc-gateway/blob/main/docs/Architecture.md) and [European Union Digital COVID Certificate Gateway](https://ec.europa.eu/health/sites/default/files/ehealth/docs/digital-green-certificates_v2_en.pdf) (EUDCCG) specification, which were developed as the trust network infrastructure for COVID-19 specific vaccine credentialing. DDCCG is an extended version of EUDCCG, which has enhanced functionality allowing for interoperability between multiple gateways and supports of the DDCC specification. While the DDCCG is designed to support the DDCC specification, it also supports various existing digital COVID certificates including EUDCC, Smart Health Cards, DIVOC, and ICAO.

Reviewer: Condensed and updated language for lines 9-16 above^

Attempted to make generic entry to Trust Networks, and identify DDCC and EU specifications as covid examples to reference and base off of

In addition to the base functionality of the EUDCCG
([more on EUDCCG specification and documentation found here](https://github.com/ehn-dcc-development/eu-dcc-overview)),
the DDCCG specification also supports:
-	Federation and peer exchange of information between gateways
-	Access to metadata content (e.g. value sets/codings, business rules) with explicit adherence to the HL7 FHIR specification
-	Explicit means for revocation of digital COVID certificates
-	Optional support of online verification and validation workflows

The role of the DDCCG is to enable the creation of trust gateways by additional
organizations beyond the EU Member States participating in the EUDCCG,
expanding the network of operators and trusted parties to form a federated and
documented network of trust gateways, supporting all major COVID-19 vaccine credential certificates. 

> ## Documentation and Specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## COVID-19 Specific Documentation and Specification
```

For more on the intent of the DDCCG, its design and architecture, and use cases
supported, [please visit the following linked documentation](https://github.com/WorldHealthOrganization/ddcc-gateway/blob/main/docs/Architecture.md).
The full [DDCCG public repository can be found linked here](https://github.com/WorldHealthOrganization/ddcc-gateway)
for reference.

> Resources:

Reviewer: Remove Resources section when published to Wiki - is simply for reference, all resources have been hyperlinked
